AV-101448 - Documentation update all datasources (#328)
couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella: docs/data-sources/audit_log_export.md

page_title: "couchbase-capella_audit_log_export Data Source - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

>   Data source to retrieve audit log exports for a Capella cluster. It will show the pre-signed URL if the export was successful, a failure error if it was unsuccessful or a message saying no audit logs available if there were no audit logs found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The data source to retrieve audit log exports for an operational cluster. It will show the pre-signed URL if the export was successful, a failure error if it was unsuccessful, or a message saying no audit logs available if there were no audit logs found.
```
